how's it going boys
Johnny superb man here and it's time for
another NHL 13 shootout commentary and
yes boys I know over the last 5-6 days
things have looked very bleak no videos
I've been trying to get videos out but
honestly since the beginning of the new
year new things keep on popping up that
keep on taking my attention away from
video making
I've actually been sick in the last few
days not like super sick but you can
hear my voice I sound a bit nasally and
I don't like making commentaries when I
sound like that alright I'm trying to
get back to our old schedule of
uploading daily videos yes this is still
a channel where you can expect a daily
daily videos to come out alright once we
get back into the schedule I don't see a
stop and again I'm just trying to get
the worst behind us right now alright so
just keep hanging in there don't worry
hopefully by the end of the week we will
be back up and running once again
alright today there might be only one or
two videos but I guarantee you within a
day or two we're gonna be back up
running a full time once again alright
promised you guys so we're gonna do the
pseudo commentary here and I must say
the new NHL season we're only two games
in but I'm liking it so far and it's
like the old switcheroo you know a lot
of teams that a lot of people are
expecting to make the playoffs so you
know there Owen - and a lot of young
teams you know they're doing pretty good
now I'm gonna start off with a team that
I think a lot of players have got to
look out for a lot of teams gotta look
out for that's right the Boston Bruins
man they're back two years after winning
the Stanley Cup all right I think
they're a team to watch out for in the
Eastern Conference and I'll get into
that one second Bergeron Croce Seguin
Lucic and Marshawn how could I go wrong
we got to get char in there somewhere
uh you know put take Marshawn off butch
are in there there you go
and yeah that's about it and then we got
to get Oh
Tuukka Rask or Timmy tee now I'll go to
Co will go to key he's getting the he's
getting the nod this year right and he's
actually a goalie who hasn't been pulled
in the first friggin two games but the
reason honestly the Boston Bruins man
remember that stretch that they had last
year you know where everyone thought
they were gonna repeat they went from
like I think it was mid November or
early November to like early January and
there were like 21 like two and two
or something like that something
ridiculous and then they kind of went
off in a stretch there Tim Thomas was
not like the greatest positive positive
influence on his team but this year
honestly think about it you know dougie
Hamilton the rookie that the Toronto
Maple eats could have had but with all
the Kessel trade he's getting like big
boy minutes now he's like getting like
20 plus minutes a game so if he's a good
player that's a bonus Tyler Seguin is
another year better you gotta watch out
for Tyler Seguin you got a healthy
Nathan Horton which on that first line
at David Krejci Nathan Horton and me
late Looch each I don't know if there's
a bigger more skilled line in the NHL
right now and Tuukka Rask he's been
solid so you gotta watch out for the
Boston Bruins here and let's start off
with the Gordie Howe hopefully doesn't
do a flying poker Rudy oh the Gordie I
thought I had it all day I had it all I
was waiting for him to come back across
I should have just put it like oh my god
I had the whole cage to shoot at right
there I was expecting him to come back
across into the the regular poke check
didn't work it froze him it actually
helped him out whatever
all right Pavel Datsyuk what you got for
me and I'm not gonna review the team I'm
gonna do the fly poker Rooney said that
sir I'm not gonna forget I'm not gonna
forget ya here Datsyuk get the hell out
of here he was I think he was trying to
do the Datsyuk move
not on me son not on tuka get out here I
have to blow my nose but I don't want to
blow my nose Annika I'm gonna power
through
come on Krejci what you got for me
another right-handed player ah you know
what let's do the ribeiro we have
another Ribeiro in a while here we go
here we go oh no I saw the Ribeiro would
have worked goddamn it it want to work -
oh he just did the wrong deke straight
up to the wrong deke oh my god I may
have to skip replays here I'm like in a
friggin oh I'm gonna blow my nose I
can't pause it in a live game though
what are you doing Center Burke but
y'all will know this Tuukka Rask you go
spread eagle he does the dirty bird
takes it off the noggin look at this oh
yeah good job
I got skipped three plays boys I got we
got on a quick one this time all right
Tyler Seguin let's do the good old paid
dragon option the good old bait dragon
option here you go Bader big dragon
there it is oh yeah you know what he had
a pretty filthy shoot up goal in Game
two there I think was game time which
what team did they face oh I forget
which team Boston beat in Game two
wasn't wasn't made arrangers I think
they beat them in their first game but
anyways
Tyler Seguin had a nifty Goleman is like
kind of like Patrick Kane just came down
and dang him like ten times before for
handing it into the net we got from
Ebert where you got from you spread
eagle The Dirty Bird oh the dirty birdie
saves a touka Oh yet all day and the
whole net to shoot at but Bertuzzi puts
it into the goalie oh my goodness
gracious
alright come on let's get this shoot up
done man I'm dying here Lucic what he
got for me let's try the one-handed
windmill shall we through the legs
wooh through the oh my god just put it
in the net I don't know if he was trying
to do that fit I don't know if he
thought he'd get back in time I don't
know you know what
I'll give him a goal down to so I could
try the Superman shot go ahead we got to
finish this shoot up quickly but
whatever Allah oh I don't even know what
to say
there you go Boston we beat the Detroit
Red Wings well I don't even know who
that wasn't yet whatever wide open
freaking net oh yeah great camera angle
any minute
oh Jesus I'm dying all right boy so haha
oh I've died here alright so I promise
you before the end of the week we will
be back up running and our all to a hold
school schedule of daily videos right
but just give me a break I got to get
over this alright boys so I'll see you
soon take it easy